Update email setup instructions for Airflow (#621)
astronomer/docs: astro/airflow-alerts.md

5. Verify your integration in SendGrid to confirm that the key was activated. If you get an error indicating that SendGrid can't find the test email, try rerunning the cURL code in your terminal before retrying the verification.

6. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, create an environment variable with the following values:

    - **Key**: `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND`

>     - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`
    
    For more information on this environment variable, see [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/email-config.html#send-email-using-sendgrid).
```

5. Verify your integration in SendGrid to confirm that the key was activated. If you get an error indicating that SendGrid can't find the test email, try rerunning the cURL code in your terminal before retrying the verification.

> 6. Open the Variables UI for your Deployment and add a Variable called [AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#email-backend) with the value `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`.

Reviewer: @wolfier Thank you for adding this! What do you mean by `Variables UI`? Is this an Airflow Variable or an Astro Env Var on cloud.astronomer.io?

Author: The Variable UI is the view where you can add (environment) variables to the deployment on the platform

>     - **Password**: `<your-api-key>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Password**: `<your-sendgrid-api-key>`
```

4. Choose an Amazon EC2 region to use, then write down the code of this server for the next step. Refer to [Amazon's list of available regions and servers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regions) to determine which server best fits your needs.

> 5. Open the Variables UI for your Deployment and add a Variable called [AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#email-backend) with the value `airflow.providers.amazon.aws.utils.emailer.send_email`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, create an environment variable with the following values:
    - **Key**: `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND`
    - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`
```

> 6. Open the Airflow UI for your Deployment and [create a connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#creating-a-connection-with-the-ui) with the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the Airflow UI, [create an Airflow connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#creating-a-connection-with-the-ui) with the following values:
```

4. Choose an Amazon EC2 region to use, then write down the code of this server for the next step. Refer to [Amazon's list of available regions and servers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regions) to determine which server best fits your needs.

5. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, create an environment variable with the following values:
    - **Key**: `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND`

>     - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Value**: `airflow.providers.amazon.aws.utils.emailer.send_email`
```

6. In the Airflow UI, [create an Airflow connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#creating-a-connection-with-the-ui) with the following values:

   - **Connection ID**: `smtp_default`

>    - **Connection Type:**: `Email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Connection Type:** `Email`
```

4. Choose an Amazon EC2 region to use, then write down the code of this server for the next step. Refer to [Amazon's list of available regions and servers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regions) to determine which server best fits your needs.

5. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, create an environment variable with the following values:
    - **Key**: `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND`

>     - **Value**: `airflow.providers.amazon.aws.utils.emailer.send_email`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Value**: `airflow.providers.amazon.aws.utils.emailer.send_email`
    
    For more information on this environment variable, see [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/email-config.html#send-email-using-aws-ses).
```
